additionally 1000 ps friends again
I rise from spain from bytom in
the proximity of alicante once again
plays the weather with
beautiful sunshine and again
Once I get in touch with a honda
presentation but not synonymous
absolutely surprised since this year has
Honda gives us a model tide again
it does not surprise either
the special once again equal
two models at a presentation
it is the new one
5 Series 800 and I sit here on the cd 650
f honda has a new entry-level model
is especially concerned about the
beginners that is not so
unwise because that is a market segment
of course is growing and
Of course you can still get money there
earn because the expensive devices
Well, they are often around and
are looked at but not
bought and therefore has honda again
the cd 650 f fully hit the black
if you want you could say the cb
650 replaces the hornet 600 but what
not quite true because the hornet yes to
some was stronger
but that was not definitely flying out
the program and dcb 650 11 comes as
affordable naked bike after as well as the
Hornet 600 also has the 26 50 f one
four-cylinder engine became the
but completely redeveloped 647
cubic and performance under the
hornet settled it has 87 ps
a torque of 64 newton meters
All in all, the Honda engineers have us
already promised that a very
powerful engine from below and in the
should be middle
we tested it today and me
have to say the engine is very elastic
so you can get it from far below
turn up in the sixth gear too
really nothing like there is no
complaints but strong would be exaggerated
she's up there then she turns up
12,000 touring in the limiter
rathert there she is then very strong
between 9 and 12 thousand o'clock but from
very far down, it would be exaggerated by
much power to speak but 87 ps
that's on four cylinders and he
should not even the beginner
overcharge of that one must say so
Of course, they are strong enough
and what about me in today's driving
really on the winding roads here
a fantastic driver i was extreme
positively surprised by the brake system
It is a two piston brake purely
nothing radial, where I have already
thought that could actually
what will be quite weak
Far missing his top brake system man
it can produce so and she grabs
neat too so there I was very much
I was positively surprised by the chassis
not surprised that's just like me
it was expecting me
that's a very good compromise it is
on the one hand pleasantly comfortable though
not quite which one fits for
Country roads come down hard
but overall, it is just one
excellent compromise the 100th
So that's possible
I was not all right
surprised
they do not burn positively either
surprised and the seating comfort is also
very good you have to say that it
comfortable and the sitting position is also
maybe the top is
kniewinkel but so far you have to
get used to it is one
entry-level motorcycle in which also smaller
pilots come down to the ground
This should work great
you sit in the motorcycle inside
you have a relatively wide handlebar
the fittings
well that's such a gimmick saying
I'm just that's just more digital
probably cheaper therefore just the
Tachometer digital year you can do it
not optimal read now you can him
but read better than some
years so I do not want me there either
complaining speed will too
displayed digitally that works that way
always a tankuhr is with
on board
So it's actually complete
equipped for a motorcycle that scarce
You have to say 8000 euro costs
she is actually very successful of the
Of course, abs is always typical
board meanwhile god thank you very much
sophisticated abs system you can feel it
simply does not work from there
perfectly we are but also on
German roads and had driven
no complaints
because of adverse conditions like
rain or other that is yes
actually a miracle with me otherwise
I always drive in the rain
but today super conditions only
hope zebra crossing the goods
absolutely smooth ice because you have it then
can try if that have it too
really works yes it has
it worked unobtrusively and is
Therefore, to be rated as very positive
Finally, here are the optics
if you just say that right now
want that the cb 650 fd legitimate
Successor of the Hornet 600 could be
one also says she looks extremely
Athletic She has short overhangs
front and back that gives her one
Sporty touch is the light up front
very stylish very successful
The line is also sporty and easy
and just cut
in the back there is a led light what wants
one more the hrc tricolor varnish and
fantastic at all with that
golden rims yes so from my side
There is no complaint about the price
goes well the offered goes well
alright well and honda still has
a very good name even if you
multiplies beginner segment Us
took care of the quality of my opinion
after yes not suffered so 100
much success with the 26 50 f